and therefore can choose to sing the theme
main of the novel the other side of the
soul that opens on Monday 12 of
November at 8:30 at night will be
to ccoo with that spectacular cast
with gaby spanic michelle vieth and the crazy
latch to pick up nerves to sing the
song of the mariachi paco madrid
I am a very honest man who likes
the best women and I do not lack even the
money or love has seeing in my
riding through the mountains I go the
stars and the moon they tell me where
I go
and I already am
my heart
I like to play guitar I like to play
the mariachi sun accompanies me when he sang
my song i like to take my drinks
schnapps
the best also in tequila talking to
her friends
hours
I like to play guitar, I am my
Mariachi accompanies me when I sing
songs that seek to take my drinks
schnapps
also white tequila with its
Battlements to see
heart
but my heart
sacco madrid
that's how it's presented tonight is from the
mochis sinaloa for the world in the
10 years old academy there is no good
July participation to collect nights
friends much strength much claw I missed
feeling more feeling more you look if
you have to play with the voice a little bit
more to me the very flat song but you know
well no no it does not have many variations
so I think they would have got him what
yours, not the paco, it's true, a lot of claw
many purposes but as I ask you to
you would put in place that you have a
attitude and hands as such the song
I'm very strong claw
perfect but you missed that
that yours that will give you strength is established
so that is the truth and air are you of
agreement with this to me the truth is how
much the attitude to me I really liked the
I would have loved an attitude
broken guitar and in the hand and that has
delighted the truth is that the
song for that he plays guitar and
used the stage I say something of yours
you have the instrument in your hand besides
what
a lot of life not to the song too
you act a lot with your instrument and me
I expected a bit of that because I also
the song if it's a little flat yes
I think that the guitar did not come
viola wait and did not arrive until this morning
I had to throw it like that with nothing
but it was part of the plan then
Miriam, you think she lacked feeling
in your participation so good not
there are no excuses I think the
interpretation was fine but fine
nothing more and today it is not
enough you have to look for excellence
and you have to look to grow with a certain
advice already why today is not
only his stay at stake is at stake
the academy but also when singing the
theme of Asteca's star telenovela
If you had to put all the
Marta heart good is also true
that I missed a bit of the rocker
what is in you not
it's a song that you do not risk
really a lot is a song so that
you have to do more with the feeling or that
almost with the voice but good
yes
you have not been more tuned and ok what
we will see at the time of
qualifications that is the time of the
true
July issues its hidden vote marta sanchez
that gives paco an 8 miriam that you give him
to paco that gives him that age
what qualification will be melon ce las
watermelons 10 d for paco cruz that you give
8 be happy with this I think it stays
well participate and that gives you already go from there
gives you a 9